Feral Audio
Hello Hollywood!
Hollywood, California!
Meltdown Comics!
There's no theater!
Sing it Freddie.
Guess what everybody?
Harmontown is now in session.
Welcome to the stage, the mayor of Harmontown, Dan Harmon!
Thank you.
A weird thing happened there because I heard cheering and I was preoccupied and I was like,
we're relaxed now, we've done a lot of these shows so I was just coming in and I thought for a second because I heard cheering and then I heard silence.
And then I looked and I thought I ran up halfway because I thought you had introduced me and I was lagging.
And then I came up halfway and froze like a rabbit and then you finished introducing me during which I kind of slinked back like a cobra.
And then I sprang up.
It was the podcast introduction equivalent of two guys in the men's room doorway when you're kind of like, you don't know.
Normally I try to keep the thing rolling and you know logically when it's time for you to come up.
I was moved by a queen musical interlude to pause for a moment.
Ah, see, yeah.
Or as they say in music, I went tacit.
Jeff, you know how the people have the, what would Jesus do?
It's a question they ask themselves, keep some on point in a Christian sense.
What would Jesus do?
It's a yardstick.
It's a guideline.
I have, I decided today this morning my, my, I have a new Twitter guideline, which is why is Tony Danza following me?
And how do I make that keep happening?
How long has he been following you?
I'm not sure.
I don't know if there's a, was there a way to know that?
Can you date stamp when somebody started following you?
Yeah, that sounds like an invasion of privacy that I, I don't think this society would put up with.
Well, but how do you use why is Tony Danza following me as a yardstick of morality?
Because, because, because it's, it's, it's, you know how when you're in an argument, you should, you should stop and take deep breaths.
Oh.
Breath start.
It's like letting your auto now, whatever shit you're in, just step back and imagine Tony Danza's watching.
For me, maybe it's a different person for you guys.
Like it's, it's just like, it's not because I'm afraid of letting Tony Danza down, but it's, but I also don't have contempt for him.
So it's like, he's kind of like the ultimate stranger, the ultimate boss.
I'm not sure if he's the boss, but yeah, he's, I don't know.
It's just the idea that Tony Danza, like I, like, oh, like it would be a nightmare for me to have Tony Danza be reading me, getting into arguments about, about, you know, political correctness or something,
whether 17 year old or something.
My worst, well, not my worst nightmare, but it's just like, it's a nightmare that keeps you in check.
It's like Tony Danza is picking out a shirt and he's looking through his phone and he's, he's like, yeah, I don't need this.
I mean, I think guys, I didn't buy a ticket to this ride.
There's a possibility that like you've done something right to make Tony Danza follow you.
And then maybe you could cross a line and do something that would make him not follow you so that you could use that as a moral compass.
Yeah.
But I mean, what would, what would Tony Danza unfollow me for doing?
That's what I'm saying.
Yeah.
So anyways, I don't know.
Just give it a shot.
See if it changes your behavior this week, but there's no control group.
We don't know what you did that made him follow you.
It might have been bad behavior.
We don't know.
And he might have been like, I like that guy.
He's bad.
It's like me.
There's a young Tony Danza.
He's got, he's got spunk.
Well, yeah, but somebody, somebody said, there's a community episode we referenced.
Who's the last?
But he's following like a thousand 300 people.
Really?
Yeah.
So he, he, he does it.
He casts a white net.
He's got, you know who else cast a white net?
Jesus.
Yeah.
He's a fisherman of followers.
There's that story about the two footprints and then Jesus says like that was when I was
checking my tumbler.
Dumb.
That was dumb.
But it was improvised.
So it's allowed to be kind of dumb.
It was so close.
If you didn't, if you didn't back off it, it would have stood as a good joke.
Yeah.
Well, like if I, like if I, if I hadn't put those like Woody Allen hesitations in there,
I think that, I think that's the salt on my steak, which is good for me.
I like salty steak.
But you hesitate, you hesitate a lot.
Yeah.
Like if I, yeah.
And then that's always me salting my food, like for their food, their food.
I saw, I'm putting a little pepper on it, but with my little stammers.
Like I kind of like, I'm not sure about this.
They're premeditated.
Oh yeah.
Yeah.
Everything's.
All the time you're stammering is a huge Woody Allen construct that you have a complete
handle on.
Yeah.
I could, I could talk about anything as if I'm totally confident in myself, but no one
likes that.
That's uncarageable.
Dan, just, just, just to try it out, let's spend the next three or four minutes where
you never stammer.
I just, even if the show should, even if the show should suffer for your, for us losing
that timing and that, to show you what I mean.
I will do this for you.
All right.
Nice and clean.
Moving on.
Can we continue with the rest of the podcast?
I would love to, Dan.
All right.
Now, moving on to our corrections section.
This is the moment of the show when we correct things that we've done wrong, Jeff, in the
past.
Are you implying that we've ever said anything wrong?
Even things that we think we might have done wrong is worth a correction.
It tells the people listening that we care.
And by, uh, I don't mean, uh.
You went to say like, Oh, I'm absolutely positive.
Our first correction is, uh, this is the thing that I wanted to correct.
Last week, Jeff, remember when I mentioned that guy that said that the podcast got him
through Hurricane Sandy?
Yes.
To me, it sounded when I listened to it as if I was rolling my eyes when I described
it a little bit.
Do you remember what I'm talking about?
When I listened back to it, to me, it sounded as if I was mocking or ironic about how I
appreciated the guy and how much he liked Harmontown and how he said it had gotten him
through Hurricane Sandy.
I had a certain patois in my voice.
I'm sorry.
I said, uh, at the end of it, I said, and it got him through Hurricane Sandy.
It sounded like my head was wiggling and my eyes were rolling and that was absolutely
not the intention.
I was very flattered by this gentleman.
I spoke with him in the parking lot.
I had a wonderful time with him.
So wherever you are, mister, whatever your name is, I love you.
What's that?
Someone say something?
Of course not.
This is a very structured show.
And so far, so far, no stutters.
Yeah.
And don't you think it's gotten more boring?
No, no, no, no.
No.
Less charming?
Don't you trust me less?
No, no, no.
It's not like Walter Franco.
I actually think the show is, the show is better when it's clearer and there's more articulation.
It's making me very nervous.
Well, what we've created is a balloon full of tension, and the moment you stutter, it's
going to be a big hit.
You're letting it out.
It's like a tantrum when you stutter.
Oh, that was almost stutter.
Oh, boy.
All right.
It's almost.
Moving on to our next topic.
Ah, yes.
Is this a topic where you go back in time and talk like somebody from the 1890s?
Well, this is how people talk when they're not stuttering.
They talk like their words are scripted.
Oh, you're on thin ice, but when you start riffing, when you start riffing.
Jeff, I was very amused to have a Twitter exchange on Twitter today.
In speaking about net neutrality, I threw out what I thought was a reasonable metaphor.
I was trying to behoove people, god damn it.
I was trying to get people to understand the importance of gatekeeping within media by
using the example of pre-Lutherian Vatican endorsed Latin Bible.
To be quite honest, I haven't heard a thing you said since you weren't stuttering because
I'm trying to be the stutter cop right now.
Well listen to what I'm saying, Jack.
All right.
Jeff.
I reached in warning about the, you made me do that.
I said in warning to, I had Max headroomed on the in warning because of what you said
about counting my stutters.
If I'm conscious of you counting my stutters, I'm going to stutter.
Now I'm not.
I let it go.
All right.
Now I have the song queued up.
If you do stutter, there is a musical sting that might happen.
I might have to speak more slowly.
Take a breath.
Don't tell me what to do.
You see how good that felt and how good that sounded?
Nobody, don't tell me what to do.
When I start stuttering again, I'd like to talk about that impression and how hurtful
it is, but right now I'm cool as a cucumber and know everything I'm about to say even
before I say it.
What did you make this as a whole show and never stuttered?
It would be boring is my prediction.
I see.
I think not.
I think that I think it would lose something.
I think it would be like eating a boiled yam as opposed to a fresh crisp right out of
the ground.
Everyone loves a dirty, raw, wonderful, earth-nurtured yam just with the bugs still on it, pull it
out of the ground.
And asking the question, why did we ever boil yams?
These things don't need our help.
This is a hate crime, boiling this yam.
This thing was perfect.
God wanted this in my mouth.
I can't believe he grew it in the ground.
Normal people say us sometimes.
We're not going to call us or stutter.
We're talking about the...
Dan, I'm only going to bust you on...
Not bust you.
I'm only going to throw the flag on the play.
When it goes off the rails.
When you go like...
Also, I do that too.
All right.
Someone just laughed like that, guys, laugh as a stutter.
Okay, what were we talking about?
Could you please remind me?
Net neutrality?
Latin.
Latin Bible is net neutrality.
Thank you very much.
You scattered people.
It must be strange to be so unfocused.
I bet you wish you could speak publicly, anyhow.
Speaking about net neutrality on Twitter today, I used that metaphor for the dangers
of gatekeeping in society.
Remember when Bibles were only in Latin?
Poor people couldn't know Latin.
You had to access God through another class of people.
I didn't think anybody thought that that was ever a good thing.
This guy took exception to my comments, which I found amazing.
Which guy?
This guy.
Just a guy.
I mean, I have 250,000 followers.
You'd expect that if I talked about...
Braggle, brag.
Excuse me, sir.
My intention was not to hurt your feelings.
What do you mean, which guy?
Believe me, sir, the volume of my followership mitigates the quality of my life to burden
I bear.
Not bragging, I'm complaining.
If I were to talk about papers.
By trying not to stammer, you get a little British.
I'm thinking about what I'm saying.
Maybe get Game of Thrones or your favorite British character and see if that elongates
your vowels and helps you out.
Don't.
Come on.
I'm just trying to help.
It seems like you're not trying to help.
I am.
No, I'm absolutely trying to help.
It seems like you're Camp Mohawk in meatballs and I'm doing a teacup race.
For two people, two people, a lot of gray-haired men pumping their fists right now.
And by a lot, I mean two.
No, no.
I'm definitely the evil ski instructor right now.
So you can't make it down the slope, don't?
Don't frazzle me.
I'm trying to help.
I swear to God.
This young gentleman was, to me, absurdly defensive of the Holy Roman Empire.
I thought I had seen everything.
We are getting dangerously close to the day and you'll call this an exaggeration.
Some people will call this offensive in and of itself, but it feels as though we are getting
dangerously close to the day when someone's finally once and for all going to say on the
Internet, I'm sick and tired of this Hitler metaphor being a can we can just kick whatever
we want.
Hitler this, Hitler that, like he's just the definition of bad.
How do you think that makes me feel as a Hitler lover?
We're getting pretty close to that because this guy was, he was up in arms.
He said, I was okay.
He said, his point was that he is a Catholic churchgoer.
According to his biography on Twitter, he's a polyglot glottis, what do they call themselves?
A glottis.
Yes.
Okay.
Who speaks multiple languages?
Yeah.
One of them being Latin.
He goes to Latin mass.
He's tired of this stereotype, I think, where people that speak Latin are just a bunch
of assholes.
And the world history idea that we all learned in world history, maybe this is an American
thing.
Maybe this guy lives in Frankfurt.
Maybe he lives in Rome.
I don't know.
But it made me think, holy cow, really anything.
No sooner have you conquered something than something becomes the underdog.
I was kind of not realizing that I was just using the Vatican as a whipping boy because
it's an easy, because I thought no one could get offended.
Like, but what about people who love the Vatican?
There's a million of them.
There's a couple hundred million of them, I'm sure.
Or a billion?
Are you on the side of the Catholic Church now?
I have always been on the side of anyone who wants to atone with the unknown through a
religion of their choosing.
I would never want to be guilty of impinging on anyone's freedom of religion.
I think that's terrible.
That's why I've stood up here before and it's been kind of weird minefield because we have
a very intelligent group of kids who come to us.
By the way, I love you guys.
You're my kids.
Except for the four gray-haired guys who know meatballs.
Also my children.
And I theirs.
I learned from you guys we are a happy family.
I would never change a single one of you except Keith in the back.
I'm just kidding.
There's no Keith.
Are there any Keith's tonight?
Wow.
I went to Duncan Tressel's live podcast at the Improv.
I talked a little bit about God there and I got applauded for it.
You guys give me a hard time.
You're very atheistic.
Very intelligent, very skeptical people.
It's very strange.
I can't imagine there's going to be a huge overlap between Duncan's audience and this
audience.
What did you say about God there?
Maybe they would have applauded the same monologue here.
You came down...
No, because I...
You tried to start your own religion a while ago and you were roundly booed for that.
I would guess on Duncan Tressel's show you came in a little lower than Jim Jones.
I can't...
Well, speaking smoothly, I can't interject and jackhammer you out of this.
Dan, you're off the hook.
You made it.
Dan Huffington stuttered.
That's the music that would have played if you had stuttered.
Like mocking asylum music.
What was that?
I don't like that guy.
That seems like a boring old school radio.
Because it was so measured, it sounded really intimidating that you were holding something
back that might have... you were not saying what you really meant.
Yeah.
It was scary.
I don't like...
I prefer the other version.
Yeah, you want to know what's for sale here, what's going on behind my ears.
No one came here because I went to broadcasting school.
I did not slave for hours, years, decades, millennia in the stand-up minds.
You noticed that you haven't stuttered since we stopped?
It's like, I'll do it on purpose, but whatever.
But I'm just saying, when I want to find the words, whatever, how did we get on this?
What is this?
It wasn't us making fun of you stammering.
I stammer instead or it mumbled and all kinds of shit.
It was an experiment.
All right.
That's not all right.
God and atheism and memos.
Right.
Well, yeah.
I mean, you guys.
Well, you're accusing this crowd of hating you, loving God, or hating you, hating God?
Our crowd has a little bit, Duncan talks a lot about religious pursuits on his podcast.
He has religious experiences.
He's really into ramdas and eating things that make you see that sheep are watching.
He reads books.
Yeah, mushroom Jesus thing.
Yeah.
And so his crowd includes more.
I think the fringe of his audience, I picture, is being genuinely almost tie-dyed in silhouette.
Tie-dyed in silhouette?
I was trying to think of tie-dyed in- That's the most poetic thing you've ever said.
I should have just said tie-dyed.
And then the fringe of our audience, I think, has actual surgically augmented pointed ears.
These are fringes, and I love all of those people.
I don't know who of those two I love more, but those two, and sometimes you might see
a really nice, fun road movie about those two having to cross the country together.
They often travel in the same circles because neither of them would judge each other.
But one guy is like, hmm, I beg to differ about the thing that you said the other day.
I did some research myself, and then the other guy is like, yeah, that's what I keep saying.
Let's get naked.
No, Keith, we're not.
Stop pushing your nude agenda.
You look great in tie-dyed.
Leave it at that.
And I was just like, in that show, I don't know, we were talking about writing in the
creative process.
I got a little spiritual about it, and I felt less punished than I do here sometimes.
It's because you're smart.
Why is Duncan Trussell's audience?
No, they're not the opposite of smart.
I was trying to make them feel better, not make other people feel worse.
I shouldn't have gone down this road.
Boy, that guy that defended Latin, what an asshole.
His angle was he's tired of having Latin kicked around the block?
Yeah, I mean, I would happily do like, if somebody could pull up the Twitter conversation,
we could do like a love letters thing.
But I lack the facility.
I think I'm just looking at my Evernote thing, which I think is, it's all tapped, except
for Aaron went to this camp the last three days.
Aaron was at a special camp for hipsters, I think, it's called Server Lake.
That sounds dismissive, I think it's better to say it was a camp for hipsters instead
of saying what it is so that you're silently in your head going, so a hipster camp?
I think they were very activated young independent business entrepreneurs who were teaching
each other and learning from each other how to live in a new world business-wise on the
internet and whittle and make s'mores.
They did camp stuff, but they were doing camp stuff and having seminars and stuff.
But weirdly, counter-intuitively, whereas if you go to XOXO, it's like, holy shit, here's
your hashtag, here's your thing, I mean, because obviously we're fucking, this conference is
about technology, we encourage you to gram it and tumble it and flip it, flip it, it's
face nipple, it's new, it's face nipple, N-I-P-P-L, but in brackets, with a two after it for
no reason.
But this place, they took their phones.
Where was this place?
And they never gave them back.
They had to whittle new phones before they were allowed to leave.
Until you tell me, or Erin tells me otherwise, I'm imagining they're all on TPs up in Big
Bear.
It was Big Bear.
Really?
Yeah.
I know, because Erin left her luggage there.
And I said, where was this place?
I didn't even know where she was.
It occurred to me like, what if she had gotten hurt?
Wait, you could bring luggage but not a phone, and it's in Big Bear.
Yeah, you could bring your phone, but it's gone for three days.
She's staying at Tent?
What happened?
That's a question she'll have to answer.
But also, she had, I knew she'd come back with one good story.
My definition of a good story is always a lot of Schadenfreude and pain, and like, just
unfairness happening in front of everybody.
What's the name of this convention or this camp?
And I want to know how it all began, and is this the first or 17th year, or like, I want
to know all about it.
Well, she'll give you all the details.
Why don't we just bring her up?
Erin, are you...
I wish that I'd gone out for ten minutes.
World's Best Podcast!
She was staring off into space like an autistic six-year-old while doing a Bobby Brown-derived
Hoochie...
Soul train.
Hoochie Giration.
Yeah.
But it was combined with a strange final episode of St. Elsewhere, just chasing off to the
point where I thought it was going to be one of those stories where, and then we realized
she was an insulin shock, and we didn't know she would...
That's when we took her to the emergency room, and they said, she's been diabetic for six
years.
Oh, boy.
But last night, at the last night of camp, there was a dance, and it was future-themed,
so I dressed as...
All right, guys.
I dressed...
I dressed as...
I dressed as Barf from Spaceballs, and I bought...
I bought this giant...
A lot of Spaceballs fans out there.
I bought this giant cover-all thing in, like, 7X, because I wanted...
I was going to stuff it, but I didn't, and I realized halfway through the dance that
you couldn't see my body moving, like, I was working so hard to dance, but it just looked
like I was...
It was all covered up.
Like a bobble head?
Yeah.
And I was drunk, and I, like, took a rope, and I was, like, trying to tie it around my
waist, and I was trying to explain to people, like, I've been dancing.
I've been cheating you of moves.
It's got to get a leash around them so you can...
If I can take them around.
I've been jigging the whole time.
So the camp, it's put on by this really great organization in LA called Unique LA.
So you know what I'm familiar with, Unique LA?
Yeah!
They have a building...
And the crowd went, whoa.
They have a building called the Unique Space in downtown LA, and it's just about, like,
I don't know, a cultivating community between, like, artists and entrepreneurs, and they
do a lot of, like, made in LA type things.
And so the camp is called the Unique Camp, and it's a camp...
Our acronym is Cultivate Ambition Map Possibilities.
I mean, come on, haters.
Chill out.
They hate God, too.
Well...
Cultivate...
Cultivate Ambition Map Possibilities, just because they wanted to...
Basically, it's, like, it's just people that love...
They wanted to spell the word for you.
It's people that love...
Chocolate, almonds, marzipan...
Create them.
...Porsche, ambitious, multi-ethnic progress.
It's basically just this very fun, camp-themed thing where different, like, creative people
that are...
It's mostly, like, self-made people that are artists and business...
I really had no business being there, like, over...
I kept on changing my introduction, because I get every...
In every group, you have to say, like, I'm so-and-so, and I founded Eco Shoes, and I'm, like, I
am Aaron, and I invented calcium.
I was the fireman with the GoPro on his head when that kitten got oxygen.
I assume that was more viral than maybe it was.
No, it's pretty viral.
Yeah.
What was yours?
What was yours, Aaron?
Jeff went, then I went.
Now it's your turn to make fun of you.
But it's very neat, if you're...
Look at that.
You said you changed your introduction.
What was the evolution of your introductions?
Humiliating.
It says humiliating.
Well, I think my first introduction, I said, I do...
Hi, I'm Erin McGathy.
I do...
I mean, because of the truth, I went because I have all these different interests, and
I have my fingers in so many different pies, and I guess technically I'm a freelancer,
but I have my podcasts and performing, but I make things, and so I'm just trying to, like,
figure that all out.
So that's why I went just for fun, and I also live summer camp.
I just got back a couple hours ago.
I'm very sunburnt, and I feel a little woozy from the elevators.
What was the list of things that you introduced yourself to?
Okay, okay, sorry, sorry, sorry.
Driving up there in the car, your introduction that you had planned for it, was what?
Well, I had no...
I did not plan an introduction.
I was very intimidated by the groups because, like I'm saying, there was an astronomer who
studies black holes at Dartmouth, and there is, like, you know, all these people that
have created all these things that a lot of you guys, I'm sure, use.
But at my...
So I was like, hi, I'm Erin.
I do comedy, and like stuff, and sometimes I bake a cake, and I'm like, okay.
And then I, like, you know, once I wrote something, so I was like, I'm a writer, but, like, not
really...
Not actively, but like, okay.
That's going to be so annoying to hear on the podcast, I'm sorry, listeners.
I hate it when I do that bobcat voice.
Yeah, so I refined it to...
I host a podcast called This Feels Terrible, and I do with these other things, and I want
to kind of bring them all together and figure out how to, like, cultivate the community
of that.
So...
All right.
Took Erin after dinner.
They didn't take her out.
She took me out.
They took each other out.
You took me out.
I paid for ballet.
All right.
Yeah.
I mean, we were, we haven't been apart more than, well, this is probably the longest we've
ever been apart, right?
Yeah, and definitely the longest without talking.
And I was so excited, because I knew something, there's got to be something, and you did not
disappoint after a lot of boring stuff about this hunky astronomer guy that swept you
off your feet.
He never...
His name is Kevin, and he's...
He's amazing.
He's going to be my next guest on This Feels Terrible.
He's really incredible.
He, like, knows all this stuff about black holes, and he's a huge fan of Rick and Morty,
and...
Which is supposed to make me feel good when he's fucking you.
Hi, honey, I'm Hump.
You better love my cartoon, mister!
Finish up and get out of here, or stay.
We'll play catchphrase later.
Oh, and Jeff, I made a bunch of people play catchphrase, so alienated.
A lot of people have the rules.
Who ran it?
Well, come on.
Anyway, anyway.
The horse story.
Okay, so...
I think this is like, to me, this is like a parable.
What happened?
I mean, you're building it up.
I'm going to make myself comfortable.
So yesterday...
I...
You know what, guys, I'm just going to be myself, and myself wants to be comfortable.
So yesterday...
Did you learn that at camp?
Technically, she learned it from Kevin, under the stars.
Gravity is like just another stool under your feet.
That's Cassiopeia up there.
You know, she sacrificed herself for her lover.
Oh, I wish I knew someone...
Speaking of holes.
Kevin, the stars are under my blouse.
I definitely have the glow of camp, Dan didn't recognize me when I came to the car.
You were wearing this knit shawl, is that an accurate description?
Yeah.
Like a knit shawl and a baseball cap.
Because I want a scavenger hunt, so I got a baseball cap.
I looked right at her, and then just went right back to listening to Radiolab waiting
for my fiance to come to the car, and then the car door opened, and I went, ah!
This knit shawl scavenger from Sector 7, this person that was dressed unlike anything I'd
ever seen Erin in, like coming into my car, I was like, oh my god, you're not the strange...
I don't know.
For some reason, I have no idea what happened, but in my head, you were an Asian woman.
I just projected a race onto you.
I don't know if to me that's an Asian shawl, or I don't know what was in my head, because
obviously...
All those knit shawl, ball cap, wearing Asians, I mean, let's not...
So, like Dan was saying, at the camp, there are all these camp activities that you could
do in addition to these workshops, and I signed up for horseback riding, and it was the last
horseback riding session of the weekend, this was last night, and they said on the
sheet, come right at five o'clock, because, you know, they didn't explain why.
Take our word for it, you want to ride a horse, there's an appointment involved.
And I was very excited, so I was like 10 minutes early, and was like, you know, looking at
the horses and, you know, imagining which one I would ride, and there were like 10 other
women who showed up exactly on time.
We get this talk from the horse training person who says, yeah, I'm so glad you guys
are here on time, because it's so important for us all to be here on time, and I'll hear
this explanation together, because these horses are very particular, and we get on these logs
with...
What do you call horse ropes?
Rains.
Or leaders.
Okay.
So we...
Horse ropes.
They should just call them horse ropes, for God's sake.
Well, I'm sure there's a lot of ropes used with horses.
So we're sitting on these logs, we go through this entire training session with this woman,
and we see somebody walking from the camp, because the horse stuff is kind of far away
from the bunks and everything.
We see someone walking, and the leader waves at her, and is like, are you...
Horse, and she just kind of casually waves back, and she does a hurry, and the woman
just walks at her same pace, like she's a very fit, athletic, young woman, just like
walking slowly while she's going over this thing.
So the instructor's like, okay, we'll move on, and clearly this person's just taking
a walk and was waving.
Eventually this woman arrives, and she's come after the entire explanation, and the
leader, the horse instructor lady said, oh, she's about to say, sorry, you can't ride
with us, because you've missed the explanation, and we have to go now.
And she's like, hey, and the woman's like, oh, don't worry, I ride, I'm very comfortable
to the horse instructor lady.
And we're all like, oh, God, I'm just very, so proud, and so shitty, and very comfortable.
And then the woman's like, oh, but you need to, like, I'll go over the stuff with you,
because just legally you have to.
But even if she was an expert, like, Steeple Chase Olympian, we already know two things
about this stranger.
One is that she may or may not know anything about horses, but we know she knows nothing
about group dynamics.
She has walked into a group of people who have, she's 15 minutes late, and she's just
announcing to all of these strangers here, it's all right, I'm an expert.
Also, I've been around enough horse lady instructors to know that the first 15 minutes
is all bullshit.
I'll get there when the horse ride starts.
The horses tend to learn a thing or two from me, tell you the truth.
And also, the instructions were a favor to all of us, which they are.
As we will learn.
Yeah.
So we all were assigned horses, and as they're assigning horses, the horse instructor lady,
the hill, says, it's very important when we go out that we stay in the line that we
go out in, because horses are like people, and they dislike some horses, and they like
other horses, and some of these horses are very particular, and it's very important that
you stay in this specific line.
So we know that we get on our horse, my horse's name is Bergen.
So we're sitting, sorry, I was just thinking about Bergen.
Bergen.
So we get on the horses, and I know that during this time, she's going over this explanation
with this woman who's ridden horses and is very comfortable.
We get on the horses, there's a pin where you go in a circle, just so you get used
to controlling her horse and going in this line.
So she, the horse instructor lady leads us out in this line, and we start going around
in the circle.
I'm second in this line, and this woman who is very comfortable in horses is kind of
towards the back of this line of 10 horses.
We're going this line, like from the very beginning, the horse instructor lady is saying
to the, I'm going to call her Blondie, she's blonde, so she says to Blondie, no, no, you're
out of line, because her horse was going in the middle of the ring.
Everybody else is in this line, and this woman who's so familiar and comfortable with horses,
her horse is kind of veering out, and the lady is like, no, no, no, you need to go back,
you need to go back, and she's not, she's trying, and she says, you need to go back,
and then Blondie says, look, I heard you.
She's put off by all the, all right already, I don't know how to ride a horse, I get it.
But the woman's like, no, it's just actually important, like the, the, the, is she leaving
her horse, is she coloring outside the lines, like, she's, I don't know, yeah, she's like,
you know what, this is beginner's shit, this horse is going to ride an elephant, while
I ride the horse, I don't know, where's the, yeah, well, and while, because she's out
of the line, the order gets all fucked up, because the horses are used to like traveling
pretty close to each other, so we're on our second, go around this ring, we're about to
go out on the trail, we're coming around the, the, the side of it, and she's, the Blondie
is trying to get her horse back into this line of horses, and as she does that, she
spooks the horse in front of her, and the horse freaks out, I've never seen anything
like this, the, the horse gets really scared, and horses are big, big, as big as a horse.
They can eat a smaller horse. When they get hungry, they just lick their hooves, so they,
so, so, so the horse gets super spooked, and it throws this nice mother off of the horse,
bucks, and like, she falls to the ground, the horse is going, nyeh!
Now, try again, try again. It's okay to get it wrong the first time.
We just find out you don't know an old, even, even in a speak and spell, and I, I, I really
try to go, try to put yourself back in that moment and do the horse, I, I really thought
I was going to have a Michael Winslow moment. I thought that was going to be really amazing.
Just let, let it go, just try, try it one more time, it's like, like, like, the, the,
the mother. I think that's a swamp horse, I think we're, I think there was a loon, certainly
a loon. All right, so, so a woman, a woman is dead or maimed or something like that.
She gets thrown off the horse, and the, like, everybody's silent, and the, the instructor's
like, still, still, everyone be still, everyone be still, don't move, don't move, and she has
to jump off her horse and calm down this horse and keep her from smashing in this mother's
head. And, and so she, she calms down the horses, everybody's silent, she's still telling
the women to be quiet, she takes the spooked horse back into the stable, and then, and
then we all follow suit, this woman is still, still on the ground, so I don't, we don't know
if she's like, if she's dead or if she's just being still because she's, she needs to be
safe, obviously. We get all our horses tied up, and then she's, like, I call out like,
are you okay? Not that I'm the hero, but I asked her if she was okay. She, she was okay,
they called the medics over, and she was fine, she was bruised up, she was just still because
she was, she was, she was told that she was supposed to be still, and we get all tied
up with the horses, and everyone is, I mean, I know, I don't know how everyone is feeling,
I was feeling so happy that this woman's head wasn't smashed in, and I hear Blondie
on the other side of the stable say, sorry not going out?
She can't get a break! I had the shittiest day today. They started horse class too early,
then the bitch teaching it tells me I gotta learn it anyway, then some other bitch's horse
throws her off. Like, what's, when's it gonna be Natalie time?
Natalie time!
What do you think her deal was? Do you think that she used to ever ride a horse, or that
she was cocky, and she was just like, or she just was full of shit?
I mean, I...
Also, what business does she start? I want to know about that.
It's an overused term, but I'm gonna go sociopath, I'm gonna say her general problem is that she
has no fucking empathy. Or was she like, such a good horse, but I was like, there's a horse
for anything, I grew up around horses, I've been riding horses since I was a little girl,
and these trained horses, they don't want to ride an alignment, I'm gonna go outside
the line and she fucked up and spooked the horses, like, did she fly too close to the
sun, or was she just a complete lunatic?
Well, I don't know the answers to all those questions, but I just want to say in response
to that, if she was any of that, if it did come from a place of her being a horse expert,
or anything like that, she's also a sociopath, just from her...
No chimpanzee walks into a group of chimpanzees where they're outnumbered, and goes like,
get chimp here, out of my way, not sorry I'm late, sorry you're early, any mistakes will
be on me, no one would bother to write that insurance check.
And no concern for the woman that had fallen, was she okay?
She was okay, but no, that woman showed no concern for me.
She didn't connect those dots, she didn't go, cause you know, it can't help but feel
like it's a little bit on me, like the story would still, she'd still be a shitty person,
even if at the end she was kind of like, I kind of feel like maybe I should have just
come on time.
Like it'd still be like, yeah, fuck you, but she didn't even do that, she's like, you
know, if this class is going to take any longer and involve less full speed horse riding,
I want my money back.
So the ride was over, canceled?
The riding was over, everybody left, except for me and a couple other women that wanted
to hang out with the goats and the, and there's like a little goat, I think you buried the
lead on this story.
There are these goats in this llama that I had become kind of close to, so I was, what's
this camp called, it is a unique camp, what if it was just a dream I had.
So I have a quick beef that I didn't talk to you about.
But really quick, the reaction afterwards, like it was obvious what had happened, but
the way that everyone, everyone said to each other, like almost in a way to deal with the
trauma, like, oh, well I heard horses just do that sometimes, like they just like, there's
no predicting what happened, like maybe a bee like flew in the horse's nose or, but it was
so clear what had happened, and I kept on like, like looking around at people's eyes,
and like, is anyone else going to talk about this, but no, no one else, even the woman
that was injured, like, didn't, like, I think she, she knew, I don't know, well the woman
who, the woman who fell off, she was bruised up, and she was very sweet, but she was very
excited that she was the one who got thrown off the horse, so, yeah, I mean, she's, you
know, some people are happier when they're the injured one, and she was there, her business
was thrownoffahorse.com, the blog, it's like, she's, well no, that's not, that's not fair,
I want to, I want to, I want to retract, I want to retract that, she was, she was, she
was very sweet, and then the woman that was the, you're calling her sociopath, she deals
with luxury eyewear, and she looks, I didn't even say that as a thing, but all right, so
sorry, what was your beef? Oh, well, I saw Tom Kaufman at the Rick and Morty's writer's
room, because he's a writer there, yes, yes, yes, he looked on Instagram, there were people,
somebody took a photo at Unique Camp, so that's my beef, somebody had their phone, because
Unique Camp and that whole scene, they're very good with all their social media stuff,
there were 10 or 20 photographers the entire time, but like all the pictures from camp
are already up, and like they were, the people that were in charge of the camp were Instagramming.
Yeah, I don't know, a society where you can't Instagram, but the government can, makes me
nervous. Aaron, you said you changed your, your, your description of yourself, what did
it evolve to later on? I already said. Oh, you did? Yeah. Okay, I thought there's more
evolution to that. At the end I was like, mmm, scuba. I invented the space shuttle. Scuba
surgery. Now, did you come away from a, other than a good horse story, did you come away
with any, any insights or any knowledge, like any good things you can apply to your life?
Yeah, absolutely, yeah, yeah, yeah. Prove it. Prove it. I will, you'll see in the next
five years. No, I mean, the thing I took away was just, just integrating all of my skills
into like one finite thing. And I was talking to Dan about a project I'm very excited about.
I'll tell you about it too. Oh, thank you for applauding a, it's, it's killing juice.
She got, she got, I just said it's killing juice because people were applauding a project
without knowing what it was. And Hitler was mentioned earlier. I thought you said it's
canned juice. Okay, now that we're all at full disclosure, I thought she said, cunt juice.
I love that the real thing is, can we combine all three of those things? Look, I know I
have something going on, really great going on here. And I've got to show it. I've been
cunt juice. No, it's not. It's a very, it's a very obvious, obvious thing. Yeah. Doesn't
it suck that you that, that, that every, every joke is this kite that we fly now and it has
to have this tail on it to keep it from crashing into. Oh God. Well, in full disclosure, because
of what I just said, I did not hear the word kite. You heard kike because you hate the
Jews. Did she just say that? Wasn't that the dot you were connecting? Yeah. Yeah. I'm
sorry. I'm going to step behind. Anyways, but, but fuck that. Who cares? The only worst
thing is fucking talking about it. Let's just, let's just neo-fascist movement fucking
heat itself. And I will be silently watching in the corner with a big bag of popcorn because
I can make jokes about kittens, man. Sorry. Let's hear one. No, the, the, when you told
me that horse story, it made me flash back to when you told me once when you were a kid,
you were like this machoist kid. And one of the things you did when you were like, how
old were you? And you, and you did the exact same thing that this woman did of the story
except you were a kid there. You went to like this horse riding thing and you, but you,
you were just like this sweet little girl and told them like, I ride horses all the
time. Total lie. Yeah. My family lived overseas and we were, we were exploring around England
and I went to this thing and I told them that I had a bunch of horse riding experience.
Because you wanted the fastest horse or you thought you were going to get a shitty horse
if you told them you weren't. I feel like other people can relate to this. Maybe not
just exclusively women, but like it feels like with horses, like, oh, I know. You know
what I mean? Like it doesn't seem like if you haven't ridden a horse that feels like,
well, we'll just get each other. And then you just got on the horse. Sounds like a
fairly brother's movie. You got on the horse and just fucking yeah. Yeah. Everybody, everybody
was in a line, but I had talked about how great I was at riding horses and this, this,
this nice teacher like wanted to empower me, I guess. And everybody was strapped in a,
with like rope to rope to rope. And I, I had never ridden a horse and I was like, this
is my chance. And I did like, but I had seen in the movies and we took off down the, down
the mountainside and the instructor had to go after me because I, I immediately was
like, I clearly like had never, you know, when you see it in the movies, it just, I
mean, National Velvet was my favorite movie as a kid. And I just figured, oh, I'll just
bear down and I'll be fine.
I love that all your childhood stories are stories about you just like leaping and then
maybe glancing where you've left. You just kind of like, I'm going to, I'm going to
do this. And then you're like, uh, Aaron was blondie you, she was the shadow you cast.
No, I do like her confidence was pretty amazing. I think she was very, she was very petite
and looked very young for her age. And I wonder if maybe like, because people usually see
her as like a young one to send to her, like she, she, she needs to approach situations
that way. She's probably gotten way more, especially
as someone who lives in America and makes, uh, what did you call it? Fashion? I wear
like, like, like, like, like somebody whose job does not, does not usually involve like,
uh, like, like hand to hand combat. I don't know what, I mean, I bet she's gotten way
more, way more positive results, but the ratio of positive results to negative results for
false kind of forced assertiveness is like higher.
It seemed like bad behavior from someone who's not necessarily a bad person because I interacted
with her later and she was, she was just totally cool. It was just like, just, I don't know,
just really shitty.
But it is like a parable because it's like, it's like, it doesn't, I mean, you, the people
that get fucked over, I mean, I guess it happens on the freeway every day. It's like, I don't
know. It's just like, you see that like weird look on people's faces when they do shitty
things in traffic and they're kind of like, you just, you project all this information
on to them.
Oh my God, Kevin was saying the same thing about galaxies, but, but, but like the biggest
nightmare of all is that when the person's like not even mad, you kind of want people
to be malicious more than you want. What so often seems to be the reality, which is that
they just, they're just like, they just, they're not thinking about other people. They're just
like these mannequins that are like driving a car and they just like, I have something
to do and they'd be so shocked if you, then other people who are like having a bad day,
like they, they intersect with this behavior and then they're fucking now they're that
person's mad and they go like, like, what the fuck are you doing? I'm all, I'm like,
what the fuck? Like, like you just pulled out and like I saw you, you're the look on
your face. You're like a fucking turtle behind a wheel. Like you just, you're just looking
for a fly and but you're in a world full of people with three tonne automobiles. There
are pregnant people, babies, giraffes everywhere. I went too far, but, but, but, and then, but
then those people, like if you've ever actually like gotten mad enough to honk and then make
eye contact with them and flip them off, like kind of like kind of vent your outrage at
their carelessness. They, more often than not, they're like, they have this look on their
face that's like, like, say moi. They're just kind of like, like, oh, me, my, my day today.
Someone gets mad at me. What did I do? Well, or they, or there was a mistake. It's always
a mistake. They didn't mean to, no, I mean, except for maybe like a weird, you know, character.
Nobody's like going out there. I'm going to, I'm going to go ram into people or almost
cause car accidents, but, but they also like, they don't, they don't, they don't, they're
not angry at people, whatever. What I'm saying is I think that's more terrifying because
why weren't you, why, why, why weren't you thinking about other people? Why, why, why,
why, what you're, you're, this is, I mean, I can understand not seeing like, uh, that
the light turned green or something. I don't know. You get lost in thought and people behind
you honk and that's irritating. We've all been there. We've all been behind that person.
We've all been that person. I bought a student driver magnet.
But I'm talking about not, not, not, not, not, not looking, not driving. I've officially
become middle aged. I'm listening to my podcast. I will bitch about young people driving.
Can I add a correction? I listened to the, to the last week's episode, which is, which
is really fun. In the episode, you were talking about baby names and Dan, and you asked Dan
what baby names I wanted. Dan named two names that he suggested that I hate. Connor and,
uh, Cormac. Cormac. Those are two names that Dan literally was like, what about Cormac?
What about Connor? I was like, I don't remember that. I'm very sorry.
But you like Paloma. I do like Paloma. Yeah. Maxwell. Maxwell? Nope.
Is your name Maxwell? No, it was from the podcast. Oh, from your former D&D character.
Oh yeah. Yeah. I do, I do like, I do like the name. My D&D character, Maxwell Artfall.
Or yeah, or was that my shadow run character? I don't remember.
What was Night Moves? Night Blade. Night Moves.
That's what Dan said to the ladies. Oh, uh, one more thing, and then we'll bring Spencer
up. You, you were telling me a story from camp, and then you started crying when you
were telling the story and telling the story. And I was telling a story at the Memorial Day
Barbecue where I couldn't, I could not, and I don't think it was that drunk. I'm sure
it was, I'm sure there's some chemical involved. I'm sure I had enough liquor in me that maybe
if I was dead sober, this wouldn't happen. But I could not tell this story without crying.
I was trying, I was talking to two guys, Chris McKenna and Tom Kaufman, I think. I was like
very incentivized to not fucking be crying while I was telling this dumb story. And I
couldn't get through the story. And then that was happening to you at dinner tonight. Or
actually, well, it was happening because you were telling about how it happened to you
at camp. What was the story that you, the swings in Montreal?
In Montreal, there's this artist that put up these swings in the middle of like a central
area and they had their lit at the bottom. And when you, when you swing on them, they
play music. And when the artist installed this piece, he was just thinking it would be this
beautiful thing from far away. You see lights swinging back and forth, kind of like the
light post outside of LACMA. But the, I wonder if I'll cry again. I'll just, I'll just, we'll
see. That's what I want to, I want to, so, so there, there are all these, there are all
these swings and are like 50 different swings. What he didn't anticipate was that people
with swing, people on the swings like started interacting with strangers and, and started
working together to like make music on the swings because they all made different, they
all make different songs. So they would say like, no, you go this way, you go that way.
And there was a picture of like a man and his daughters and he's like holding the swings
and they're all moving together. And this woman was explaining this as part of a presentation.
And I was just a weeping and then I cried at dinner. And I guess I'm all out.
But yeah. So it was just very like, I was just curious like, are those things like sponges?
Can you squeeze them? Do you have like three times to tell that story? I was, I did, when
we were on the road, that guy told me the story about his, his fiance. And I had found
that when I was telling the story, I couldn't, I couldn't do it without crying backstage.
That's our, that, that, that night in, on the road, I think I don't remember what city
we were in, but I tried it. And again, I was, I think I cried on stage, right? Cause it
was like, but, but, and then at the Memorial Day barbecue, I started recounting how we
went to NASCAR and cause we were, we got invited there. It was the year I got fired. It was
a right before we got fired. The head of Sony has like a NASCAR enthusiast or they sponsor
a car. Sony sponsors a car maybe. And, and we, we went to this NASCAR thing and Tacoma
subway thing. And, and, and this woman that came to meet us, who was like the head of
Sony's assistant, um, she sounded like, uh, like, like, like G, G, G, G, uh, uh, what's
that? Gloria Steinem, the, the, the, uh, Jeanette from, uh, the, the Ghostbusters secretary,
Annie Potts character, like Janine, Janine, which is how I imagine Gloria Steinem.
Um, she, she, she, she had that. She was, she was like that archetypically like Jersey
and like, and she was like three and a half feet tall. And she, and she had like, I remember
I was having horn rim glasses with chains and like, which very, very, uh, uh, a tired
in a very urban chic way, but greeted us, uh, at the, at the arena and was like, I was like,
you are going to love NASCAR. It's a delight. Um, the, the, the drive is so amazing. It's
a great experience. People just love it. And it was like, it was such a weird, it was not
a NASCAR personality, but, and we, we, Aaron and I kept like,
She was very like intellectual too. Like she was very smart and thoughtful.
We kept falling back and going like, is she forced to do this? Cause she shouldn't be
forced to do this.
Cause if you haven't been a NASCAR, it's all, it's all very white. It's all very Christian.
Like God is a big part of all of it. Like there's constant praying and it doesn't seem
like a place where, where, where, where it's just like a nice Jewish woman would want to
hang out.
That's your backstory. She's very nice. She shows us where the sandwiches are. She introduces
this to the driver of the car. Yeah. Everything is very heartland, uh, you know, wasp, wasp
in California here.
Uh, yeah.
So the Pomona Speedway probably, right? Yeah, yeah. The final Fontana, right?
Fontana. Yeah.
Um, so, so, so at a certain point we've got, I go, uh, I'm going to broach it. I'm going
to go. So whatever her name was, um, how does, and in that space, she goes, how does a New
Jersey Jewish girl end up being a blah, blah, blah?
Like she, she, she like summed up, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. And so it took, took
the whole burden of it off of her. We're like, we're like, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
How, what, what is this action figure doing in this play set?
Um, and, and, and, and she goes, well, you know, and she starts to read, she, she recounts
the story. It has a real answer. And the answer is that when she was a kid, her dad, cry,
cry, cry, cry.
Her dad was really into cars and she would sit with him and, uh, fix cars with him. And
then he died. And then she, she explained that it was fucking amazing. Uh, and I can't,
I can't say it without crying because it's, I don't know, it's just stories like there
aren't sponges that you can, that, that you can wring out. Like you can say three times
when all the tears are gone. There's certain stories that you met. You might get better
at telling and eliminate the parts that are potent.
Yeah. Like I could maybe steer around that with my jet ski, like set way points, grand
theft auto way points that, that I know will avoid combat with my emotions. But it's, it's,
it's weirder to me that there's like a point in there where it's an uncontrollable emotional
response to something that's, it's not random because there's an emotional component to
that story. A father died and all this stuff, but something is happening to me because Aaron
said, someone said, told me, you could, you're telling the story. You couldn't stop crying.
And you can try. I thought we, I thought we agreed that story was funny. Like it was
just kind of a funny thing. Oh no, sorry. No, no, no, we both agreed it was touching,
but I'm saying that you, you were surprised because it wasn't like we were balling that
day. Yeah. At the time it was like kind of a, not, not, not laughing at her in any way,
but it laughing at a like, oh, this is such a, such a seemingly like really touching, like
obvious, like on the nose, like create like story. For me, like father and son, mother
daughter stories and movies, like those always get me like, like Frozen's a good movie. It's
not a great Disney movie. Like I'm a sucker for Disney films. Like I, it's not, it's not
great, but, but like still like this song is when there's moments in it where like sisters
or like family stuff, I'll just start crying. I'm a, I'm a pushover for that kind of shit.
You got to let it go, Jeff. Let it go. Let it go.
I'm scared to watch. Young male friendships get me sandlot and stand by me like little,
little boys that are friends. Like I just got a, I just want to watch those. Just want
to watch them. I'm going to get you, I'm going to get you a white van for Christmas.
I want you to live here. Can you get me a big, a baseball mitt decal for the side with
free beneath it? I don't know. I want to attract the right kind of boys.
The ones that like baseball. There's, there are certain scenes and certain movies that
are absolutely meaningless to other people. If I describe a certain scene, I will start
crying and I've done it a million times. I cannot, like there's certain things that
affect you and I'm, well, I'm a crier. We, I think we've discussed this.
I mean, you could cry. You could fake crying cute. People couldn't tell a difference. So
I can't fake crying cute. I can't just like, I produce a tear without like actually like
going through something, but I can cry on camera.
Right.
It's a, it's, it's embarrassing because one time I did a pilot, I did a pilot. Oh dear.
I did a pilot and it was two doctors and I cried on scene and the director walked up
to me and said, okay, Jeff, that's a little bit much. All right. I didn't have to cry
in that scene. Did I? It didn't say any cries. I just started crying into seeing that.
That little boy doesn't retrain his brain. He'll be dyslexic until sixth grade.
No. It was like, what time is it again? It was like, it was, it was meeting the scene.
I just thought I'd really get an Emmy in that pilot that never aired.
When I was in the, when I was in the fifth grade, I was in a Christmas play and at a
certain point the chorus came out with these big plastic lollipops and we're supposed
to be dancing with the lollipops. And in rehearsal, the director had said like, like, pretend
like you really want to lick the lollipop. And I misunderstood. So in the play, when,
when everyone came out and everyone's dancing with the lollipops and going like for the
podcast listeners, just like gently like a way air licking the lollipop. I was licking
it and like pretending to eat the lollipop. And I was, I forgot to dance was just standing
there. And to get notes after a one-time production, yeah, they're just worried you're going out
into the world. They're not even worried about next week's show.
The show is closed. Here's the personality notes. The world is full of scissors. So we
need to talk to you about your behavior on stage tonight. Yeah, I can't, I can't, I
can't watch that. Michael Keaton's my life. I can do when the dad starts shaving them.
Look it up. When the dad starts shaving them. Michael Keaton in my life plays a terminally
ill man who is, who's Nicole Kipman is pregnant and he's, so he's making, he's taping his
life or he's taping, he's taping, he's making tapes that his kid can watch. This doesn't
affect me at all. I can roll my eyes describing this. Michael Keaton's making tapes because
he's going to die so that his kid can watch Michael Keaton after he's dead. You know,
I mean, don't flatter yourself, dad, but, but, but, but Michael Keaton's dad is like
that. I don't know. It's something, something pheromonal must come off the screen or something
is relationship with his dad. It's just, it's just a lack of a relationship. And then he's
not even telling his family he has cancer for a while. And then there's a point where
Michael Keaton's too sick to get out of bed and his dad is shaving him with a straight
razor. It's fucked up. It's, his dad shaves him. Oh, it was fucked up. I also once cried
at the end of Doc Hollywood. So you go, you figured out that was just drunk. That was
just fucking drunk. I went, I went, I went on a date with a girl. What year did pretty
woman come out? Anybody? 90. 90. I went on a date with this girl to pretty women and
I cried, cried, cried. She cried too. But like, I was like, I was crying harder.
Because you feel like a little hooker. You want, you, you want to, I haven't seen the
movies. I had a no kissing role, but I found out that you have to break that rule sometimes.
I haven't seen it. Oh, Billy Elliot. I saw that with a friend. Like, it wasn't the girl
I was dating. Like a friend of mine. And we went to the Los Feliz 3, a little tiny theater
and we saw it and I was sitting there and I'm watching it. And it's about a, you know,
it's about a little kid who wants to, wants to dance and his family's poor, like working
class English family. And the family's, the mother dies. Father sacrifices everything
to get this kid through dance school. And at the end he comes on stage and he just swan
like and it's like, when he jumps in the air, when he jumps in the spoilers, everybody,
if you haven't seen Billy Elliot, 30 years ago, he comes out, he's an adult. What they
don't do in that movie is make a big thing about him possibly being gay. They don't make
a big thing about, well, you're gay, son. They don't do that. Like, you want to dance
and I'm a coal miner and like, or whatever he's, whatever he's mining, I can't afford
your lifestyle. I can't, I can't send you to classes. I can't do that. So they do that.
And that's, that's father's sonship. That's amazing. And then at the end, when he, when
now he's an adult and they cut to all of a sudden, he's this huge fit, sexy, older or
not older. He was probably 18, 19. And he's like the, the, the swan and swan like, and
he comes out and does his leap. And I may cry when I say this, I've told it too many
times. And, and, and they cut to the father and he sees his son leap in the air and he's
like overwhelmed by it. And that to me, I cried so fucking hard in that theater. We
got in the car, I lived at the time, like six blocks away from that theater. I had to
pull over because I was driving and I couldn't see.
You're watching in your car?
No. I cried in the theater and I was, I was embarrassed. I mean, I was not, I wasn't embarrassed
about crying. I was not embarrassed, but I was, I was afraid of affecting other people's
movie going experience because I was being so, I was like sobbing. And so I was trying
to muffle my, I was really, I broke down. And then we made it to the car and I got my
shit together. Or no, we were the last people to leave the theater and we got in the car
and I drove home and had to pull over because I couldn't see the road because crying so
hard. And I had to stop three blocks away and I was still just completely overcome by
that.
Geez. Yeah.
Get a life, this guy.
You know what? Fuck that.
Yeah. It's no, it's no doc Hollywood.
I got all fucked up by the Lego movie. Did you see me? Did you know I was crying next
to you?
I did not know you were crying.
And usually I'm always watching.
That was a tough, that was a hard one because it was right on the fucking bubble of what's
allowed to make you cry versus what's like just forcing it and like hoping you cry, which
I don't want to give a fuck. It's like a Lego movie. It's literally about corporate
plastic. And I was like, I know you want me to cry. It's a fine written movie. You did
a good job.
But it's not crying for me.
Musical crescendos when a simple story beat happens and the music swells and fucking on
game over, baby.
How about me?
I think it had a lot to do with Will Ferrell. I think he's a really like, like, like stranger
than fiction. Like he's, if he wants to, he can, I think that's why he's so funny. I think
he's a really facile.
Did you, did you cry during Meet the Robinson? Anyone underrated movie? Anyone like Meet
the Robinson?
I never saw.
Wait, what was Meet the Robinson?
Yeah, that's good.
Fox and the Hound.
No, those guys are good.
Fox and the Hound is my ultimate.
That's good.
And there are two, there's still little boys, but they're animals.
Wait, what's Meet the Robinson? What is that?
I don't know. What's Meet the Robinson? There's somebody meet, there's somebody meet the.
Meet the Robinson is about the young orphan who's an inventor. And he finds a family.
I haven't seen that.
I was watching the original Sabrina with Audrey Hepburn, and it starts off and I, who is it?
Is it William Holden and Boca? Who's in it?
Nobody knows her.
But it started off like this rich people parting and they pan outside the party and they go
up this tree and there's this, the chauffeur's daughter from this rich family, this rich New
York family, she's just in the tree watching these sexy rich people party and they go up
the tree and they just cut to Audrey Hepburn's face and I was watching it at home alone.
And I just hit pause and broke down crying.
Really? It's such a beautiful story about Audrey Hepburn is too beautiful in that movie.
Like I think that you lose the impact of that story so lost on her beautiful little star
face.
I don't know if it's at home or the plot or anything. I'm just saying that when they
cut up there and you see her looking at that and it was that moment like so well directed
of somebody like what being on the outside of something and you cut to her eyes and she's
so beautiful and she's like so like unique, it's one of those moments where I had to hit
pause and just like come, I just came apart.
But I do that a lot so that's not what I'm saying a whole lot.
Are you saying you were just crying at her beauty?
No, no, no, no, not her physical beauty. There was just that moment.
How are you not weeping right now?
There's moments like Catherine Hepburn, what's the fucking movie? Holiday or some shit?
Holiday?
No, not Roman Holiday. There's one, it's her and what's the one with Kerry Grant? Is it
Kerry Grant?
Fuck, now I can't think of who it is.
It's called Bright Middles.
He's kind of like a socialist anarchist. He should marry the rich he wants to go away
and be like do his own thing and not become a capitalist.
Catherine Hepburn, she's like the not sexy sister, although Catherine Hepburn is gorgeous
and she wants the guy and the guy leaves and the door opens and she sees him and she turns
to the camera and Catherine Hepburn has the ability to always look like she's about to
like cry or say something amazing and she just turns to camera. It's one of those moments
where like somebody like tweet me or put it on some sort of forum, tell me all the details
about that. There's a moment where cinema, like the director, the actors, the script
all comes together and somebody just turning the camera and the way it's lit and the way
it's shot, they can just hit you like a fucking lightning bolt and like that's my favorite
stuff in the world.
That's what happened in Doc Hollywood. You gotta watch it.
You know who I always call Doc Hollywood?
Glory gets me too.
Glory had a shelf life for getting me. I think Glory got me in high school and then I started
to go like fuck these poor people are all just dying for rich people. I don't know
what, I'm just angry watching it. But Monuments Men, I started crying because Hitler lost
all his paintings. I've been wanting to say that for 15 minutes. I thought that was that
funny. But I'm also distracted. Is this a friend of yours, this young lady? Did she
leave because the show was terrible or did she?
I'm so much more focused.
I feel bad about where she's sitting.
I don't think it's because your feet were in her face.
I'm sitting at a certain angle and I want to keep the volume at the same place so the
person I'm talking about doesn't know that it's happening. But there's a fellow right
now. Shit, he woke up. This guy over here. Are you okay? What's your name, man? What's
your name?
What's your name? What's your name?
Colin.
Colin, you're right, man.
I'm sleeping.
Because I've been watching you struggle with this the whole show, man. You've been head
in hands. Are you high or are you a little tired? What's going on over here? A little
bit of both?
Well, I just got back from a long trip.
Colin, I could be wrong, but have you ever fallen asleep at a UCB show? I feel like I've
seen you sleep before.
Oh, I thought you were being defensive.
No, no, no. When I saw him, I was like, that guy fell asleep at my show at UCB.
But Colin, you've been over there. You're good, right? Oh, see, that guy just brought
you a water. That's great.
That guy is podcast producer, Dustin Marshall.
Colin, I'm just glad you're going to make it, man. Where'd you fly in from or where'd
you travel from?
I drove back from Zion.
From Zion?
Oh, okay.
Where's Zion?
It's in Utah.
Oh, Utah.
You can't know where Zion is. The robots will find it.
So, it's a little matrix comedy, man.
Classic.
That's what we do here at Harmontown. We sneak into matrix comedy once in a while.
Are you good though, man? Okay, good. I thought you might have, you know, some serious shit
going down.
He's just a little sleepy.
What a nightmare to be in.
Nobody, nobody, nobody.
He was stirred from your sleep.
He wasn't just sleepy. He was ringing his face. He was like rubbing his head.
He said, I mean, that's what I do when I'm going like, God, please don't fall asleep.
I know this show is just three people talking about movies they liked, but it's so much
like being in a car, just going down the highway from Zion.
I don't know what's real anymore.
What was going down in Zion, Colin?
Oh, I was doing, I was doing some canyoneering.
You do some canyoneering?
Okay, the shit got fucking more interesting, doesn't it?
What does it take to canyoneer? I'm not familiar with the canyoneering lifestyle.
Go sit at Spencer's table, Colin. Get on the microphone.
No, no, come up to me.
No, no, sit down over there so you can fall asleep possibly.
Colin, are you a canyoneer by trade?
Not by trade, no.
What would he sell?
I don't know. I don't know what a canyoneer is.
He might sell rope or arrowheads. I don't know what he does.
Well, Colin, we need four canyones today. Just make a list.
These arrowheads are going out the door like hotcakes. We need more canyoneering to happen
as the overhead is so tremendous.
Tell me about, walk me through as an outsider.
So you know mountaineering, like climbing a mountain.
This is canyoneering, so you go down.
So you just send into canyones.
Is it a joke? Why did you canyoneer? Because it isn't there?
No, we canyoneer.
You know you're saying.
Mountain climbing.
No, you have to climb up. And then you just send down into a canyone.
How do you know when you're finished?
So if a canyoneering is the opposite, you just send down, then the hard work lay ahead where
you have to climb the fuck out.
You don't have to climb out because you get to the bottom.
But isn't your car up there?
You just live down there for the rest of your life?
Okay, sometimes you can go from your car, hike up, and then come back down to your car.
Or you set up a shuttle, so when you get to the bottom.
Canyoneering a shuttle, Colin.
Someone will pick you up.
Well, sometimes it's a long walk back to your car.
Right.
What is your favorite part of canyoneering?
Clearly not the walk back to your car.
Do you like going down more or going back up?
The repelling.
Oh, so you have to repell.
So you're going to share clips and shit.
We had to wear wetsuits.
What?
Yeah.
Because it's going to get wet.
Yeah, we had to swim because we had to swim in these canyons.
Jesus.
You're like a Navy SEAL.
Okay, that's it.
So when you're repelling, you're in the movies, like the people, are you driving metal into
rock?
Okay, so that's like rock climbing.
Okay.
They're going down.
They're setting anchors in here.
Oh, so you can tie something up the top because you're climbing up.
How do you anchor yourself in at the top?
Like, well, we repelled off some rocks.
So you just tie off on a big rock and hope that Looney Tunes rules don't apply.
Sometimes you can use a nice big tree, but yeah, I said an anchor that was just a pile
of rocks.
So you go down to a canyon, ostensibly your shit is up top, right?
So yeah, you park your car at the, you know, the trailhead.
You hike to the drop-in point following some very vague directions.
Sometimes it's very difficult to find it, you get lost.
And then you climb down into the canyon.
And once you're down there, how do you get, your rope is just tied up there, it just stays
there?
It's a way to get it back off.
Or do you do like an Indiana Jones thing with a whip where it just comes off?
So you throw one end of the rope down and then you block it off so it can't go any further.
You rappel down and then you throw, you have to have a rope that's twice as long as a rappel.
So you can throw the other end down and then when you all get down, you can pull that other
end.
Oh.
I would do it wrong.
I would do it wrong because I didn't even get that.
So one of your friends has to not be a canyon area, he has to be up at the car getting your
rope back.
No, no, no.
Oh, no, no.
When you're done, you get back up there and you fucking pull it back up.
That's where the car is.
The car is by the tree.
Basically.
So when you get down to the canyon, do you guys have a little party down there?
Do you guys set up camp and fucking make marshmallows and shit or?
Well, it depends.
Sometimes there's the canyons that are long enough to facilitate like a three-day trek
through it.
What's a good canyon and what's a bad canyon?
Like when you're like, obviously.
He's not going to talk shit about a canyon, he's a canyon here.
He's making all the arrowhead money.
Obviously some trips are better than others.
What makes like, oh, yeah, that was deep or like that was like.
Oh, cavernous men, straight up cavernous.
That was not convex at all.
It definitely depends.
It depends on what you're there for.
See, I like.
What are you there for?
There's challenges of like some down climbing and some of the problem solving that comes
with setting anchors and.
What's bad canyoneering form?
Like, were there any like faux pas?
Like you do you do you ever like you be going down a down into a canyon you see someone
else going down the canyon that guy's doing it wrong.
Well, yeah, there was a there was a story.
This group.
Well, it wasn't really a group.
It was two people.
It was this gentleman and his priest.
That's already the wrong way to say that seems pessimistic, but but yeah, I got a bad feeling
about this.
They father rejoined me.
He wanted to be baptized in this canyon or whatever.
So he's for a priest is like, okay, so I don't I don't know what they were thinking, but
they went into the canyon with flip flops, like tank tops, like shorts, and a backpack
full of camera supplies, no water, no food, no helmets, and no rope or or descending.
No rope.
They somehow.
They were going to butt scoot down the hill.
Yeah.
They somehow managed to get down this canyon, and they got stuck on the opposite side of
this pool of freezing water, and they couldn't get across.
Who did who told you that story?
The group I went with actually was in that canyon.
They were doing the canyon with all of their gear and what where his sense was to people.
And I was just I not to digress too much, but but somebody was telling me that you watch
the show, it's a reality show called like, I should have died or I survived or something
like that.
Yeah, I've heard of it.
I have.
I shouldn't be alive.
I heard of it.
I should have died was too negative.
They workshopped it.
I should have died.
I don't want to live.
There was a start.
Somebody was telling me with the show and they're like, yeah, they're telling me about this
couple that was like, they should have, they should have died because they kind of went
off to the wilderness unprepared.
But the thing that was amazing to me is that at a certain point in their story, they come
across like when things are really dire already, they come across a corpse, an undiscovered
corpse of a guy that had more equipment than they set out with a fucking chest or copper
pot to their goonies.
Like they like, it was like a fucking emaciated, skeletal fucking dude by a river that was
like, yep, I found water, not enough.
But the way they survived, this is so fucking sad.
I don't know.
Are you going to cry again?
No.
No, because it's sad about just reality.
It's a sad joke that God plays on all of us.
The way they survived is that the guy, this corpse had a lighter in his equipment and
the guy just started setting forest fires until finally they caused enough of a problem
in terms of climate, in terms of global economics that vehicles show up.
The guy got lost.
They got lost.
I found a corpse.
Yeah.
The corpse had a lighter?
The corpse had a lighter and it worked.
And then he just started lighting forest fires.
Yeah.
Hey, Colin, would you do-
What part of that story do you-
He's just being incredulous.
Dan, how about this?
Let's bring Spencer up.
Colin, would you mind coming up on the stage and playing D&D with me?
Yeah, yeah, would you?
You know.
We have a real-
Let's bring Spencer out.
You'll be great at it, I assume, because it's like simulated wilderness.
What's happening, you guys?
Hey.
Spencer.
Sorry, I just wanted to get you out here, man.
We met asleep.
He came in here.
Oh, I know.
I just saw, just real, real quick, large musical movie swells make me cry too, Jim.
Oh, yeah.
Musical swells, baby.
But yeah, yeah, just getting that out of the way.
I don't think you said this, but I know Colin.
Oh.
I'm friends with him.
For real?
Oh, yeah.
Yeah, yeah.
See, I was just going to say, I bet you really like Colin because you're fucking- you're
a coyote.
I'm being glib, but you're into life hacking and wilderness, kind of.
Not that you're a big camping guy, but-
Yeah, we definitely trade coyote notes, sure.
Spencer, there was a- sorry, Spencer, there was a coyote- several coyotes up at the camp.
Yeah.
Oh, Spencer's been telling me- Spencer drives me to work in the morning.
He's been telling me that since that podcast- I don't know if he connected the dots, but
since that podcast, you've told me that you've been seeing more and more coyotes gathering
around your apartment.
Like, you didn't put it that way, but I was like, I think they heard the podcast.
Yeah.
They want to throw down.
I wouldn't put that way because it's not factually accurate.
Like, when I dropped Dan off at his house, I was driving home and just like, you know,
a couple- near his house, I saw a coyote there.
All right, nearby.
And then I see him all the time at Griffith Park because I drive by in the mornings.
Oh, yeah, it's not near your place at all.
Coyotes are tra- finding you, though.
Yeah, yeah.
They're finding out and stuff.
Coyotes are marauding through my neighborhood in Los Feliz and my neighbor, Paul Rust,
his cat got eaten not so long ago.
Yeah, it's sad.
I see those signs.
And he said, when he walks his dog, he goes out, it's 2 a.m., and he'll open the door
and the sound of the leash jingling is the dinner bell for coyotes.
They know the sound of doors opening and the leashes.
And so there's a big ass pack and you wake up in my neighborhood to the sound of an animal
being absolutely murdered and screaming.
And then people coming out and throwing wine bottles and whatever's at hand and throwing
shit at coyotes.
Wait, this is your apartment?
Yeah.
You live in a fucking what?
Let's go down.
Coyotes come down by the dozen, I know that the dozen's, I'll say, 400, we are the 400.
Just 50 yards from us.
You'll see, yeah, no, no.
You'll see like one coyote, three more, five more.
What?
And they come down in packs and they go down.
Come down from where?
Come down from Griffith Park.
They cross those fields of bull bar.
You can see them sometimes crossing like a little caravan.
And they come because of the dinner bell?
They come down to eat cats and they come down to eat dogs.
And my cat goes outside.
A dog across the street, the house, maybe like about a month, a month and a half ago.
I heard, I mean, I can't do an impression, Aaron, do you have an impression of a dog
getting eaten?
A dog being eaten.
What kind of dog?
A small dog, high-pitched terror.
Okay.
Oh, those are the coyotes.
All right.
No.
I just came.
Someone's jerking off with that right now.
I imagine that about 10 times worse and louder.
And then people were, I said, imagine it, but like, no, it's fucking, it's a, it's bloody
murder out there.
And the coyotes are getting real good at it.
Do you think they could get into my backyard and don't be a doomsayer and be a supportive
if enabling friends?
Yes.
I will say that absolutely they can get into your backyard.
But there's a lot of bushes around it.
Our backyard is surrounded by houses.
Our backyard, you know, like not from your front yard, they come in through the back.
There's, jump down that wall thing.
But they would jump all that distance?
Yeah.
Seven foot wall.
They probably can't get back up easily, but yeah.
Well, that would serve them right.
I'd like to see that coyote.
It'd be worth him eating my cat.
Just to, just to have him trapped in my backyard.
Dan and I had a racking problem and we kept catching the neighbors.
I got a friend you want to meet.
No, I don't think you're, you're backyard surrounded by other houses that are front
gates and stuff too.
So it's probably, it'd be difficult for them to get out.
I just see them cruising like patrolling from door to door and they go in and out.
They do.
Yeah.
They go check out like back gates and stuff.
They were, I mean, one came tooling down fucking, I thought he was just like a drunk coyote
because he was, he was just coming down avocado.
What's it?
Little Dom's?
We were eating outside of little Dom's and he's just down the middle of the road like
fucking an REM video just like, everybody hurts, everybody hurts.
Okay.
It's the end of the world.
But we had Harvey and he was a puppy and it was like, like he was, he was like just,
it's crazy.
There's a family of skunks once in a while that will just decide to take up shop in
front of my front door and they're adorable because his mom and pop and a couple of kids
and they'll just cruise up and they'll just sit on my front door and there's a Mexican
standoff that happens.
Like they're not going anywhere.
I'm not approaching them.
It's just, it'll be midnight and it's just, it's just adorable little, little pole cats
sitting there.
And they just look at you and then the dad or the mom, I don't know, skunks, yeah.
Is that racist?
You made it racist.
It's got to be offensive to somebody.
Aren't skunks pole cats?
Yeah.
Same thing.
Also, a Mexican standoff?
No.
In Las Vegas?
Okay.
It's a gentrified standoff.
It's a, it's part Armenian, part gay standoff, given way to a nice place with wine bars.
Do skunks make noises?
No.
I've never heard them make noises.
If you hear something, it's the sound of them spraying you.
I always stomp my foot like on the pavement.
I don't fuck with skunks.
Because at one time-
Well, I don't fuck with them.
I just make, I just make a nuisance of myself and hope that they spray you with the skunks
present.
No, I want to scare them.
I don't know what happened when I lived on Talmudge, the shitty apartments, Talmudge
and Franklin.
A skunk, I don't know what happened, but the skunk must have exploded underneath my door
jam because for a month, I couldn't even be in my apartment because your eyes would just
water.
Like when it's in close quarters like that, it's like, it's like neurotoxin, it's insane.
Yeah, that stuff's crazy.
Sorry, Colin.
Sorry about that.
All right, Spencer, we have-
He's exploring a new canyon tonight.
All right, we're real quick.
A kind of, a kind of valley of entertainment.
A dangerous, rocky ravine that knows no bottom.
Hope you doubled your rope.
Colin, Colin, before we have you play possibly Camille's character in this, anything that
makes you cry?
Is there a trigger for you that could get you teary?
Flatland.
Mountains.
Hates them.
Like in film or music or you see a nice sunset or a certain kind of thought crosses your
mind.
And nothing really actually crosses your mind.
Are you a crier?
You're not a crier?
But sometimes when it strikes me, it just, I can't, I can't think of a-
There's not a genre that makes you cry.
You're not much of a crier though.
I mean, it's not like you're rock solid, but you're not, you know, like super emotional.
Sometimes there's like a, there's a, there's a moving moment in a movie, but-
That'll get you.
That'll get me, but I can't really think of any.
How old are you, Colin?
I'm 25.
25.
I, I, DeMorge was so amazing playing Mulrainee Sedana.
I'm just going to pick up where he left off.
I'm going to do it his style for now on.
All right.
Spencer, are you good to go?
Yeah.
Sorry to make us wait so long.
Hey, it's cool.
I'm not feeling great.
Let's play.
That's the perfect music cue.
Yeah.
That's the sound of my stomach.
Wait, can you, can you, can you DM your, your stomach problems right now for us before you
get into that?
Gurgling in the soft darkness of the sack.
You feel that not all is where it should be, but soon it would get there.
I don't know what that means.
That sounded right, right?
I don't know.
What up?
Should I keep stomaching?
D&D.
Yeah.
When we last met, our heroes had just joined forces with the secret order of the seekers
of paradise.
Charles Hoffman, their gnomish leader, shared with the heroes a magical tablet, which Quark
activated, causing a dangerous and deadly rip to open, sucking our heroes through to
unknown lands.
After licking their wounds, Sharpie and the gang found themselves in a new land, the Isle
of Paradise, where they encountered Yomiji, the angel guardian of the Isle, who demanded
a joke, a joke which Quark gladly supplied.
Yomiji relented accepting the gang's worthiness and showing them to the plants of paradise.
The gang found the fabled Tarragon of Virtue and used it to force Admiral Darkstar's spirit
out of Christopher, initiating an epic ghost battle.
And after several blows, the ghost pulled a desperate maneuver, possessing Yomiji and
taking control of his body.
Then Sharpie declared a retreat.
But would they truly be able to escape Darkstar's wrath?
Or would they end up charred bits on the end of Yomiji's flaming shovel?
Find out on an all-new Harmontown.
Alright, so I think we all agreed we were running at the end and we cliff-hanged and
running.
Uh-huh.
Yeah, so you guys have all that Tarragon of Virtue, you've got several clumps, you're
on the floating Isle of Paradise, floating high above the land and it's an island.
So where are you running to?
I have a question for Sharpie.
What is this Tarragon of Virtue capable of?
Me?
You're asking me?
Yeah.
Well, you can use it to do what we did, which is get our friend uncursed.
But can't we go back and attack Yomiji with it?
We can try, but I tried to feed him some and it was just, he's really big and scary.
But we're running while we're talking.
I have my Armulet of Spring and we're in a fucking goddamn, like I've been waiting
for months game time for us to be in a place with growth.
I forgot I had it.
I could entangle his ass.
Alright, so should I go back and kind of lower him along?
Is he chasing us right now Spencer?
Oh yeah.
Okay, so fuck it.
I look around and see if there's any sort of like wooded areas or like bucolic kind of
things.
What's bucolic mean?
Verdant.
Sure.
Okay, the whole isle is very verdant, but it's not super vegetated.
It's kind of sparse.
Like even if you tried to hide in the one copes of trees on the island, I'd see you.
Poor enemies.
Sharpie, is that enough growth for you?
My Armulet of Spring, which has the kind of entangle thing to it, how reliant on verdantry
is that?
Well, the Armulet's not.
It has vines as part of it and it shoots off those vines.
Oh, you're shitting me.
I could use that on a space shuttle?
Yeah.
Oh Jesus Christ, I always thought it was like entangle.
Yeah, well Mulraine has the entangle spell, so she could do that, but yours is part of
your artifact.
Jesus Christ, I was like Boba Fett the whole time.
I could just...
Are you saying we should turn and fight?
I look around and see if there's any canyons nearby.
No, it's like an isle floated in air.
It's like a magical island, like a desert island with one palm tree kind of thing, but with
more than that.
So small, you're not giant.
So we have nowhere to run to?
No, it's an island.
It's in the air.
Let's turn and fight.
Well, Rhode Island's an island.
There's lots of places to run if you go there.
You could go to New York, you could go to Pennsylvania.
Rhode Island's not an island, though, is it?
All right, well maybe that's why.
Why don't we try to light him on fire, burn him down?
Just light him on fire, the guy?
Isn't he like a monster?
He's a blazing angel.
Oh, he's an angel.
He's already on fire.
He loves being on fire.
He's gonna flame a shuttle?
He woke up on fire and he said, yay.
I think our only chance is using this tarragon of virtue to release that...
Yeah, he defended, he tried to use Mage Hand to get some in his mouth and he blocked it.
Why are we trying to feed it to him, though?
Well, that's another point.
Well, every time we do that, we've done it twice now and the spirit comes out of him
and it goes to someone else, now it's in somebody that...
I'm not gonna say we're...
Well, if we kill him, it's just gonna come out of him, too.
I mean, this is like net neutrality.
It makes you want to give up.
You know, people from Comcast are working for the FCC.
Everyone that used to work for the FCC is working for Comcast.
Who got us up?
How did we get up to the Isle of Paradise again?
You activated a magical tablet that sucked you through and damaged you.
It created this portal to the island.
The portal still exists.
Let's go back to that portal.
Oh, shit, yeah.
If we're gonna run, let's run correctly.
And then have him chase us through?
Uh, well, I mean...
Then he'd just be in a gnome village.
He could fight the smoke monster from the cigarette store.
Remember that guy?
So we don't care about the gnome?
Yeah, let's go to the portal.
I mean, we've never been good people.
Well, we did our job.
We got Christopher Heald.
Let's get the fuck out of here, right?
Yeah.
Sounds good to me?
Head for the portal!
We run to the portal.
You run towards the portal and it glows softly.
It's covered in dazzling, polygonal shapes that kind of slough off of it
like some sort of spray or water.
It's magical.
It looks painful, though.
Like, you recall when you went through it, it hurt pretty bad.
Your skin was rent from your bodies in some places.
You remember that as you run towards the portal
and Yomiji chases you.
Should we try to get him to go first?
Yeah, at the last second, let's all just jump out of the way.
Yeah.
Look, I don't mind stopping, spreading out
and kind of like, you know, attacking him from multiple directions.
Yeah, I said we put up a fight with this guy.
Let's fucking do it.
But here's the thing.
This is just table talk.
I'm not taking a turn having this conversation,
but I guess I should because this is what our characters are saying.
I can talk about this all day.
But instead, I'm just going to talk about it.
If we kill him, it's the same effect as putting tarragon in his mouth,
which just seems to be an endless...
There's no fucking end in sight to this.
This Dark Star ghost comes out of him,
and it goes into someone else.
It's like Vietnam.
This is our Vietnam.
Yeah, but we haven't killed him.
Maybe it just stopped when he died.
Because we killed... I mean, we... wait...
Didn't we kill somebody and then the ghost came out of him?
You stuffed tarragon into Charles Hoffman's mouth.
Okay, so we did that with Kumail.
We did that with Charles Hoffman.
Okay, so we have never actually killed an entity that had this thing.
Maybe, and I know I just said that I was committing to playing like Demorge,
but what if I, with my supplies, built...
Here we go.
Don't fall off a wagon just yet, sweetie.
I'm not falling off the wagon.
I was just making a joke.
It felt real.
But what if...
Because we... he jumps into like the nearest...
Is he jumping into the nearest vessel or like the most...
I don't think so. I think it's more random.
It's random.
So he's able to travel to like something far away.
Like if we made like a decoy vessel that we could burn,
like if I was to build like an ogre with a crown and be like,
that's the king of all ogres.
I'd have him there and feed him the tarragon and be like,
oh, I'm going to jump into this king.
And we'd be like, no, it's made out of yarn.
Like...
And then we would set it on fire.
Like, is he able... he's able to just travel.
He travels.
I mean...
I think maybe he's just around forever.
Well, I...
I didn't make him.
And also I don't think he'd go into sticks and stuff.
He can't go into sticks.
What if we took a pig's heart or something and put him in the...
Let's just try to kill him.
I turn and fire an arrow.
There you go, Colin.
Sleepy canyon air.
You fire an arrow.
What's the damage on that?
Because you hit 1d6.
1d6 plus what?
4.
Dealing 6 damage to Yomiji.
He takes an arrow in the thigh.
So we're fighting this guy now.
Well, he is.
I produce my armula to summer and I create my fire armor.
Breathing yourself in fiery air or armor.
You feel the fire's warmth.
Do you want to do another thing?
Yeah.
I guess I don't...
Activating is pretty quick.
I know what I'm on fire, I'm not sure what to do.
Oh, speaking of fire, the whole island's on fire.
You lit it on fire...
You lit it on fire, Quark, in the last episode.
I did?
Yeah, I forgot.
Fire blazes all around you, choking smoke.
Why'd you light the island up?
I don't remember that at all.
You used a flaming...
Flaming sword?
Maybe we should take this fight through the portal.
I fire five fire arrows, which I guess are just arrows.
You can only do three, is three cool?
It says I can fire five arrows at once.
See, Demorge could do four with the Wisperer bow.
Demorge, Demorge was so great.
And I think that used up his only...
I'll take three, that's fine.
Okay.
That's a really good job.
Two arrows and red the sheet.
Two of your arrows strike true.
The other one, it just goes into the grass, the burning grass.
But two, two.
Yeah, two arrows just plunk into each of his shoulders.
Aha!
A total 19 damage.
Yeah!
I'm gonna venture you to death.
I call it my Armourlet of Winter and call it a snowstorm to put the fire out.
Woosh, woosh!
Smoke coalesces into clouds which sprinkle sleet onto the fire.
It starts calming it in some of the less fiery areas,
but the blaze is still largely burning.
It's just more contained now.
I'm trying to help you guys.
It's helping.
But that doesn't take very long.
That's like activating the thing.
Is that my whole turn?
No.
It's not?
I go into a rage and I do powerful blow.
Powerful blow!
And then he just starts talking about Unbreakable all night.
I mean, it's really good blow.
Going into your rage and striking a powerful blow.
You do so.
What weapon was that?
Mighty Greatsword.
What's the damage?
That's 2 to 8 plus 7.
2 to 8 plus 7.
Dealing 23 damage.
That's you!
You're easy.
Did some blow.
Powerful blow.
If you're listening at home, kids, it's just going to do powerful blow.
Helps you beat the angels.
That's good.
You don't have to force schizophrenic kids.
Put me in your note.
It's all I ask.
He's not kidding.
That's the terrifying thing is he's not kidding.
I don't want to be in it.
It would be a guaranteed biopic, but I don't want it.
Am I up?
Sure.
I want to cast Mage Armor just because it's not because I'm selfish.
I'm just weak.
I need extra protection.
Touching your clothes.
They become stiff and armorous.
If I have time left, I'd like to try to ensnare this angelic biatch with my Armulative Spring.
Activating your Armulative Spring, you attempt to do so.
He gets caught by the legs, by your vines.
He can't move so well.
He's not immobile, but he's definitely kind of stuck.
Not great.
We got him where we want him.
He starts swinging his flame and axe around.
He's trying to generally start fires and attack people in his general vicinity.
He doesn't hit anybody, but he does manage to strike the entanglements.
He slashes those off.
Then he shoots Eye Lasers, but he misses.
Not your day yet, Meiji.
No, it's not.
That would be a constant.
I want to try to sneak up behind him.
Putting on your best sneakingness.
You try and sneak up on him.
Not very sneaky, but you are behind him.
I am behind him, though.
I stab him with my poison dagger.
With the poison dagger.
Use that poison dagger through my heart.
I hate it.
Stabbing with your poison dagger.
Your knife sinks into his angel flesh, but it doesn't seem to do any damage.
It's weird.
Just doesn't.
Maybe it's because you weren't sneaky enough.
Sorry.
Was it Jeff's turn, or is it Mauryam's next?
Not today, Meiji.
I'm going to use my...
Was that your turn?
She cast Magic Singer.
It's about to get really hot.
It doesn't make any sense.
I'm going to use my whisper bow.
And I'm going to whisper in Elvish.
Scribble.
Little baby.
Go.
Tick-a-tock.
Cheetah.
Cheeto.
Bicycle.
You whisper with your whisper bow, but it only works once per day, so your whispering is in vain.
No, I wasn't.
I heard it.
You could still fire three arrows, but not the whisper bow style.
Okay.
Well, so I guess I do that.
I also blow up a balloon, because nothing matters.
Firing three arrows, two of them, fly off the island, never to be seen again.
Goodbye.
The third, hits Yo-Miji right in his pectoral and deals four damage.
Ha-ha! Burned.
Spencer, what a surprise.
Sorry, Moment of Clarity.
Moment of Clarity.
It always comes after doing way too much powerful blow.
Ha-ha!
I cast Morton Canaan's Rock Bottom.
I cast Staring Too Long in the Near.
I summon Sponsor.
I summon my Spirit Sponsor to help me get the powder out of the tile grout.
It lets you not be as crazed when you're on a rage.
Okay, can I use that and do a power attack?
Yeah, yeah, sure.
Alright, so I take my Mighty Greatsword and I summon my Moment of Clarity,
and I do a...
Where am I in relationship to him right now?
You know, in front maybe.
How tall is he?
He's 12 feet tall.
Alright, I go...
Is he kind of standing with his legs apart?
Yep.
Okay, I come running in and I change it.
I do a Moment of Clarity Far Sword attack.
I run between his legs and do a Far Sword and try to cleave him right in two.
Right up his wiener, like through his head.
You only got one Far Sword per day also, I think.
So, you should be out.
Say what?
I think you only have one Far Sword.
Okay, then I'll just jump into a Greatsword right through his crotch.
Summoning a brief moment of clarity, you weigh your options
before launching yourself directly at his scrotal sack.
You've gone from pretty woman to monster.
Can I go back in time?
Can I go back in time a little bit?
Sure.
Can I put a little pteragon of virtue on the tip of my sword just in case
and see if it does anything?
Yep.
Alright, I go over whoever has a pteragon of virtue,
I put some on my sword and just in case it might be like a poison,
like some sort of magical thing.
And then I do the same attack up the butt.
Being wildly with your power attack, your powerful swing is not as accurate
as a normal barbarian-style non-power attack swing
and just nicks him in the leg.
It doesn't hurt.
What about the femoral artery?
Don't angels have those?
Not angels.
There's a bunch of shit.
What about demons?
Powerful.
Alright, it's 10 or 3.
When's it my turn?
Okay, I said check this out.
Make it count, baby.
Make it count.
Why don't you pick on someone our size?
Reduce person.
Oh.
Smallness,
Ordinaris,
Giant is Angelous,
Come Humanus.
He does so.
Shrinking down to 6 feet tall.
Ah.
Scribbledy-D, Scribbledy-Doo.
What once was large is now like you.
Cliff Hanger.
Thank you, Colin.
Wow.
Colin, the sleepy canyoneer.
Erin McGathy.
Spencer Crittenden.
I'm Jeff Davis.
Thank you, everybody.
You're Mayor, Dan Harmon.
Thank you, Zach.
Zac McKeever and Dustin Marshall,
and everybody here at Meltdown Commons.
We love you all.
Drive fast and take chances.
Thank you, everybody.